i
but what is this
already comes thinking it does not offer any good
My apologies, I thought you
I would have died until then if I had
dead, alright
the crocodile is not crazy, does not know
Who are you talking to, I'm snow white.
honey
the most beautiful princess of the kingdom sambando
in the face of the repressed me again
that you were already the snow white clown
But you're black and hence white.
himself only knew because I'm black has
that call black necrophile necrophiliac that
another secret you have there for me already
I know, he's drugged, right man.
do not talk like that with me, I might cry your
bros to binho made the pussy pussy
Pussy
I bet she lives with her grandmother.